HACKING LitJSON

This software is dedicated to the public domain. This means that you may
use, modify and distribute the code freely without having to ask for
permissions of any kind and without the need to follow any particular rules
or conventions.

If, however, you want to contribute your own changes back to the original
authors to be redistributed along with any future versions, please note that
the following two requirements do apply:

a) Your source code should be written in the same coding style used in the
   original files. This means that any code submitted to be included in
   the project has to follow the conventions already in use regarding
   indentation, spaces, casing, file headers and so on.

   When in doubt, you may submit your contributions as close to the style as
   you can, and they can be edited before inclusion if necessary.

b) In order to keep this software in the public domain, all new contributors
   are asked to dedicate their contributions to the public domain. If you
   want to send a patch or enhancement for possible inclusion, please
   accompany the patch with the following statement:

     The author or authors of this code dedicate any and all copyright
     interest in this code to the public domain. We make this dedication for
     the benefit of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs
     and successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of
     relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this
     code under copyright law.

   If you are currently an employee, it is possible that by law your
   employer automatically receives the copyright to any and all work that
   you do, including enhancements you might want to submit to this project.
   In that case, there's some legal work that has to be done to ensure your
   patches stay in fact in the public domain. We do not have the means nor
   the will to handle such a process, but we're open to suggestions. Please
   contact us if this situation applies to you.

All contributions received are regularly mentioned in the AUTHORS file
bundled with this package, including the name of the contributor, and a
short description of the work. E-mail addresses are not included by default
for privacy reasons. If you submit contributions and want your e-mail
address added to the AUTHORS file (or don't want to be mentioned at all),
please specify that along with your submissions.

Thanks.
